Each entry in the list has the restaurant name, the number of stars and the location? How do we get location? Maybe seed the DB with a yelp call for 40 restaurants around our general area. 


MVP = 

DATABASE - Database needs to be seeded with the most popular restaurants we have been to.
CATEGORY - make a category page that shows all restaurants for a given category
CATEGORY - pagination for more than 10. 
LANDING & RESTAURANT - need stars and price range to show on landing page, and on restaurant page
LANDING & RESTAURANT- clean the restaurant and landing page format
RESTAURANT - show the top 5 reviews pagination for more than 5.
PROFILE - make a simple profile page (your reviews list)
ERRORS - signup, login, review, create_rest, 
POPUP - signin popup on review page 
POPUP - sign-in pop on create restaurant page??? Or allow anonymous creation for restaurants too. 


DONE - LANDING - tabs show only their categories (write queries for this)
DONE - LANDING - show top 10, button at bottom to "see more" pagination
DONE - LANDING - Seed all tabs with some restaurants
DONE - LANDING - sort by highest rated
DONE - create default cohorts for user signup
DONE - search gem
DONE - be able to login and signup
DONE - "Review" button from the restaurant list in each category tab
DONE - Categories need to be seeded and working, they are set to default values like: (pizza, sushi, chinese, burgers, sandwhiches, mexican, other yummy goodness) Main topic is Food for now. 
DONE - Add restaurant button on home page. 
DONE - Have a nice UI with stars for rating. 
DONE- Be able to create a new restaurant and add it to a category
DONE - be able to post anonymously



Nice to have = 

edit your reviews functionality
carrierwave
the "other yummy goodness tab" has a dropdown in it where you can pick your category and we show you the results from it. 
Recommendations from yelp? (this is in the case that a category has less than optimal results.)
Add to my wishlist - must be logged in for this. 


Dreams = 

Google maps api would be dope to find the location of the restaurants. 
Would be cool to have a "discover random" button which runs the yelp api and returns a random 10, 4-5 star restaurants around your vicinity.